Come
Zhao Shuai, this kid broadcasts the plot
We lost thousands of people
Must be a mistake
I don't know what's going on, Zhang Shuai
I obviously took all their ammunition
There's no way they'll counterattack.
Go to hell.
If I hadn't believed your nonsense
We can die so many brothers
Zhang Shuai let him escape
Young Marshal, I have another plan
Sure to beat Yellowstone Lake I'm on the opposite side
Undercover, let's work together
Absolutely can kill them at Yellowstone Lake
That's not bad.
Qi Bai is
What background did you find out about that Wu?
How would you do it without you?
You can't handle this little thing
I'll tell you what.
If you don't kill that Wu
You and I have no good fruit to eat
Hmph, didn't you miss it too?
How dare you bully me
The two soldiers in the Wu family don't even know me
Can't be mine
Please believe me, I know this.
But you judge first
Help me find out the person behind him, okay?
Yes, the mayor closed the road
I'm back.
I want you to be responsible for everything in town
We are all at your command
Sosuke is bad
The Li family and the militia got into a fight with our drivers. Let's go
Take someone to grab it